you
cold buckwheat noodles are eaten with
cold meat soup or tom cheney koreans
have been eating it since the Chosun
dynasty cool and light it is a tasty
treat to Gonzaga Halloween tangoga cool
men's o Yaran tourniquet on keep it
again turnham chicken Daniel inna da
nang military rose happy over Chicago
montrose home village impression on des
jeux de paquita Madhava chicken orzo
Chris or occasion dodo puro pedo Sunita
have the cucumber horizontally and cut
diagonally into thin 0.2 centimeters
slices place in salt for about 20
minutes radish should be cut 2
centimeters wide 0.2 centimeters deep
and 5 centimeters long place in vinegar
water for 20 minutes sliced peeled pears
into Halfmoon shapes and put and sugar
water Krong yo solo un vivo guys needa
preamble who saw David are intangible
grupo de da ETO Menon Johnson Brazeau
seaton carew me on a prude temple nachos
Oh hands on Tonga corundum a teriyaki
commune power minus natural or so behind
el taco de nada
let the soup cool then see with a cotton
cloth to take out the oil this is done
for a clean taste
make seasoning for the meat soup with
bright sauce sugar vinegar salt and
mustard add to meat soup then let it
cool
slice the boil be
or by 2 centimeter by 0.2 centimeters
thick slices
boil eggs and half them take off the top
of pine nuts
lengua los amo certain own vomit in DC
tronco baroda tank a toll kita ke saamne
go si tu amiga con la mora MN yong-su
loco and even jungle so much Anita
the noodles must be quickly washed with
cold water for the noodles to maintain
its chewiness Salman guru guru Brad Agha
see sous-chef Keenan Johnny T previous
oh boy I am moody Tanaka the road kokota
gay penguin Joker Sunita
you
make the noodles into a coil and drain
out the water
place noodles in a bowl and arrange
sliced meat cucumbers egg pair and pine
nuts broke a leg no sorry where HIV and
any interior volta alicia go craig luxor
acromion tamil national gentlemen then
you need a ransom PNG de vinegar goes
very well with cold noodles the sweet
and sour vinegar not only amuses the
palate but also helps relieve fatigue
you